My name is José Randson da Cunha, I am 26 years old, and graduated in Computer Engineering at  Federal University of Rio Grande do Norte  in July 2016. Since when I started my graduation, I got involved in a lots of projects wherewith I could have some valuable leadership experiences.

The first one was in 2012, when got engaged at Junior company movement. It was my first contact with the leadership, entrepreneurship, and team working. I have participated of the junior company of Science and Technology School– EJECT, as Information Technological advisor whereby we promoted courses about programming languages, web development and others activities related  to computing. I worked there for eight months, when I went out and started to work at the Junior Company Federation of Rio Grande do Norte, also as volunteer, actioning as IT advisor, building and maintaining  web sites,  and helping as staff at the events promoted by the organization.

In 2015, I initiated a new learning experience at AIESEC and I had the opportunity to get the helm of its some social projects that brought me the skills  of team building, as well as project management and drive communication. I was responsible for conducting weekly meetings with my team to discuss what would be our next steps to achieve our goals about our projects. Another important responsibility as team leader was to make partnerships with Schools and NGOs, where we could carry out our projects. 

Still, at the AIESEC I represented the organization as Business Development Ambassador - BD Ambassador. My responsibilities, at this position, was centered on leading surveys, proposed by the national AIESEC inside of my local committee, and also getting sponsorships with local companies in order to cover the costs about the conference events. These conferences were made to gather the members of the organization,  so that we could discuss the results we had achieved and what would be our next steps. These experiences, in a way or another, brought me some important transferable skills, such as negotiation, communication, selling, business development, and strategic thinking. 

Another initiative of leadership I participated was at the second to last semester of my course, when I meet with some classmates in order to create a junior company of the Computer Engineering course. Through this initiative, we expected to share our knowledge to create value and generate opportunities of leadership to another students.

For all this, I consider myself a candidate with great potential for the Chevening program, which will help me to get my leadership level to a higher one. This experience will bring me a rich understanding of world-viewing, because it will put me in  touch with people from different parts of the world.  Finally , it will allow me to expand my critical thinking and have a different perception by sharing our perceptions about the problems we have in Brazil, such as violence, social inequality, corruption, and public health.
